this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so today we're going
to talk about why B2B creators are the
next big thing so do you remember what
we're talking about at inbound with
Chris Savage the CEO of wistia and also
Jay clous yeah we're talking about how
B2B creators uh can be massive because
there's so many B2B companies with so
much money but there's not enough
influencers out there that are in to be
that companies can pay and sponsor yep
so main thing here um is we're going to
see a growing like a rise in B2B
creators because the thing with b2c
marketing is that it's usually a couple
years ahead of B2B marketing but there
one issue with B2B creators dude
although there's a big market for it B2B
creators for Enterprises doesn't work
too well like it really doesn't right
like if if you look at most businesses
that are closing Enterprise Revenue it's
through things like rfps outbound sales
um
sdrs and the B2B creators are great for
getting your brand out whether it's
Enterprise or SNB but from a revenue
conversion standpoint I think BW
creators are super effective for lowend
and mid-market not effective for
Enterprise doesn't mean that you
shouldn't do it because I think the
brand awareness is still good so that
way when you're sdrs or bdrs whatever
you want to call them start doing
outbound stuff um people at least
recognize the brand but it just doesn't
close as much revenue for Enterprise
here's what I think we can debate on
this right I I think if you're a strong
B2B Creator and you have a strong
audience let's just let's look at your
audience as an example right or or Gary
Vee's audience I think it's a good way
to go from zero to 100 million faster
but then try to go from 100 million to
maybe a billion or so maybe doesn't help
as much I think it starts to slow down
and I don't even know if it's 100
million I actually think the real honest
answer is it helps you go from zero to
10 million super fast I think above 10
million it really slows down on its
benefit yeah so I think also we're still
in the very early Innings of this like
this whole Creator economy thing is
still fairly new I I also do believe B2B
creators are super effective as long as
you focus your content around a vertical
or a niche the the problem that most
people face with uh B2B content creators
is they go too broad and they try to
leverage consumer based or uh uh b2c
based content just so they get a massive
audience and then it's not effective
when they promote a product or a service
or talk about one just because our
audience is too broad and it's not B2B
related now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you enjoy the
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you very much